when they first had their P.E. program the
instructor came in and told them there's no ladies
rooms here we're going to have to go meet in the
library so that was their start of P.E. but tales of
being harassed going to school that they had have
their heels kicked and their toes stepped on by
fellas in the corps saying, why don't you go to TWU?
You don't belong here with us. So they had to put up
with a lot of that initially. But after those, what
I think, relatively few instances, it was all for
the best and accepted. What about the reception of
that first female faculty member? How was she
received in the department and in the college, as
you recall? In the college pretty well, and I think
in the college pretty well as far as committee
assignments and things go. But that was a relative
rarity, too. As you look back on it, did you all hire
her in an affirmative action posture because she
was female, or did you hire her because she was the
best person? No, I wanted her to cover the
community recreation aspects that we wanted to
do. I don't remember honestly if that was a rear
guard action against health and physical
education or something we wanted to do anyway.
In those early years, did you run up into any brick
walls, any obstacles that were difficult to get
around in the department's growth and progress?
No. In fact, I think among some of the people, I was a
constant irritant. We were growing fast. Rutter
supported us every time. I don't know if he told...
You know, you have to remember, over in the Koch
building, when I came here, the whole
administrative structure of the university
could sit in one room. I think they had like 46
chairs in there. President Rutter had three
assistants. The academic council would be all the
deans, all the department heads. and Andy Suttle
as research I think and some Graf or Goff or
something Bill Graf as academics undergraduate
academics that was all there was and so we were a
pretty tight group little bunch and I remember
President Rutter who was a very stout man getting
up one day and saying I'm just your old pot-bellied
president. He said, you fellas make the decisions
about what to teach. I'll just go get you the money.
Kind of an earthy, down to earth kind of a guy with no
pretensions about academic stuff. And it
operated pretty well like that in terms of getting
approval. So I was able to get the courses We were
always building a curriculum, and most of the
early courses I taught myself the first time,
breaking them in. It seems wonderful to have that
much time available at that time. And another
thing, Haskell, this is out of context, but I'm
proud of several things. We had one of the first
girls as an undergraduate. We had the first girl
graduate in the Corps. And I had the first black
varsity member of the football team. Who was it?
J.T. Thomas. Oh yes. He went into the National Park
Service along with Dabney, and he also had some of
these experiences you know of the football
players rubbing his hair for good luck before a
game, but he stuck it out and earned his letter with
the football team. So those were pretty
significant changes along the way, too. Now, with
the support you enjoyed from President Rutter and
so forth, did any of your colleagues ever accuse
you and the department of being his pets? Yes. How
was that made known? How was that expressed? Oh,
I don't know. Just bantering, I guess.
I don't think we were ever given anything that we
didn't work for. And in recognition of what we did,
somebody always made it possible to move to
another place. Went from the plant science
building to the heap building. From the heap
building, as I grew, we couldn't get any other
place together and started fragmenting. And
finally, I had people in the old bioscience
building. You remember where that was? before the
new one was built, had four or five offices there.
I think we were in five different buildings during
that time. And it finally got to me because we had a
secretary that took mail around to all these
different places. And one day I looked for this
particular secretary and she didn't come back
until almost noon. kind of reamed her out because I
thought that she'd been just off having lunch or
something somewhere. And she said, no, Dr.
So-and-so sent me to get his laundry, his cleaning
over at the laundry. Well, that did it. And I said,
we got to get back into a single place. And
fortunately, and I know this was in 70,
was able to bargain our way into the horse barn. The
horse barn at that time was up for demolition,
Garrigan's barn. It had been used for an extension
warehouse for undistributed publications. And
then there was a proposal to make it the golf
headquarters. Who had built the golf course in 51?
You were here. No, no, not in 51, 59 for me. Oh, well,
51 I think the golf course was first built. and they
wanted to have the horse barn be the golf clubhouse
and sales office and everything and president
rudder asked me and i argued against it i said it's
it's a good building to make a good academic
building i'd like to be in there The other side of
the coin is I think it's dangerous to have people
with golf carts and walking back and forth from
this side of the road to get to the golf course.
Well, they eventually approved me moving into
there and gave us a massive amount of money, I think
$130,000 to renovate it for offices and
classrooms and laboratories. And every student,
to my knowledge, that was in that building, in the
old horse barn during the two years we were there,
considers that the salad days of the department.
The upstairs was, unlivable but the wives came in
with bandanas around their head and they scrubbed
and cleaned I rassled up enough surplus furniture
to put offices office furniture and desks up there
for them we finally made a faculty conference area
up there and that was one happy family that
department at that time in fact curious thing
people will organize no matter what you do they
like structure and I realized after we were in
there about in the first year six months nine
months that there was a structure going as new
students came in they had to have a desk on this side
of the upstairs loft each semester as somebody
graduated they were allowed to move up one desk
toward the other end as far as I could tell there was
no difference in the air conditioning or the view
or the lights or anything else but You could move up
until finally you were the senior grad students on
the other end of that room. But that was a good place
except we outgrew it so rapidly. Now, during those
years, did you or anyone else attempt any kind of
social events to pull the department's parts
together? We did a lot of that. Describe those,
please.
Well, we had receptions every semester for the
graduating students, and Dorothy and I, bless her
heart, we did those initially at our house,
borrowed card tables from all around the
neighborhood, and invited both the graduating
students plus their spouse or girlfriend and
parents, if they were in town, to come to that. We
had them in every room of the house, cooked for
them.
In the very first year or so, I bought a lot out at
Carter Lake, intending, that's only three or four
miles out of town to the south here, intending to
build a summer place for us that's on a hill where
you could look and see the campus from the top of
that hill. And monthly, I took all the students in
the department out there for a wiener roast on the
bank of that little 50-acre lake. A couple of the
Dabney brothers, for example, played 12-string
guitars. We'd just sing cowboy songs and have a
good old time.
We organized a recreation and park student club
right away. And another thing I tried to do that was
very successful, when I got here, A&M was
organized, and you've been here so you know this,
on the basis of class ring year. Like President
Rutter was 32, class of 32, and somebody else 37 or
43 or whatever. And I saw that as a layer cake. And I
said, you know, in our department, The faculty
bought into this. We want to have a layer cake, but a
slice of cake. It doesn't matter what year they
are, freshman to senior or graduate, they're all
part of the department. And so I tried not to do away
with the class ring year, but to emphasize the
departmental affiliation. And I'll tell you what
that did, Haskell. It developed into a national
network where our students when they graduated,
would recommend other students to come here or
would hire our graduates. And that's still going
on. So that's a little sidelined. What kind of
get-togethers did you have for the faculty and
staff? We had Christmas parties.
Probably too many parties of different stuff. We
had noontime domino tournaments.
You know, for those that didn't want to go out to
eat, just sat around and would kibitz or play
dominoes.
We invited the secretarial staff to these kind of
things, and I think that made them feel more a part
of the thing as well. As things were developing,
when did you begin to feel that you were making
national impact? people were beginning to
recognize what was happening here. By 1970? Five
years? Four years? Well, I was elected president
of our national association, the Society of Park
and Recreation Educators, which was about 600
members. Because, you know, we didn't have a
product to sell. We didn't Let me go back a little
ways. You mentioned Texas Tech. Texas Tech owned
the Parks and Wildlife Department. They had been
feeding, they started in 52. So they had a 15 year
head start on us. And they had consequently
mid-career graduates in there and they wouldn't
hire any Aggies. They wanted They'd go to extremes
to get graduates at Texas Tech into the Parks and
Wildlife. We had a very hard time busting into
that, and we eventually did.
Why did I say that? Why is that relevant? about
making the mark and being recognized i saw because
we didn't have students out in these agencies i saw
my role largely nationally as a tub thumper and so i
went to all these meetings and probably made a
nuisance of myself talking about all the good
things that were happening at a m they couldn't
discount us because we had the full professors who
had good reputations in their own fields and they
were on the programs and all of that kind of stuff if
we'd had to start with assistant profs and
instructors we couldn't have done that so we were I
think pretty successful in getting people out and
known and visible around the country and that fed
us if you look at our early enrollments
most of our undergraduates were Texas kids Most of
our graduate students were out of state. They were
here, usually hated it, didn't like the weather or
anything, and then they left as soon as they got the
degree. But they wanted the degree from A&M. And so
that helped as far as this national reputation. So
that by 10 years, we were recognized
internationally as well as nationally. But you
see, when did President Rutter die? 70, wasn't it?
That was critical, those first five formative
years. I did try to deliver what he'd ask of us, and I
think we got there, but I so often wish that he'd
remained another five years or so. Do you recall
any time whenever he said to you in any fashion,
made some comment that you were producing what he
hoped you would? Yeah, yeah. Do you remember? No,
there was just always that feeling of support and a
pat on the back with him. And you know, perhaps he
did the same with everybody. I don't know. But I
always felt that, just confident of his support.
Now, did he ever kind of accost you about anything?
You didn't do this or didn't do that. No, he laughed
at me one time because, again, in trying to get more
visibility on the campus, we had what was like, at
Michigan State had been called Farmer's Week with
a lot of displays and equipment companies and seed
companies and all of that. And we had something
similar. here every spring where all the
departments put up a display and staffed it with
students over in DeWare Field House.
One year I remember I, this is largely for high
school kids coming to persuade them to come to A&M
after they graduated. One year I got the faculty
with me and we went over with several camp stoves,
kerosene camp stoves, And we cooked pancakes for
all comers. Well, nobody had ever done anything
like this. I mean, you know, these were scholarly.
And I caught help from my department head friends
in agriculture for turning this into a circus.
That was one year. This was three years in a row.
They didn't like the pancakes and the tents and
stuff. We were doing a display on outdoor camping.
Well, what's more sensible than cooking? But
instead of just pretending to cook pancakes, we
actually cooked them, put syrup on them, and gave
them to all the kids and all the people and the
mothers coming by. Second year, I got a
all-terrain vehicle, one of these little
four-wheel kind of things from downtown at the
equipment company, and came out, and we gave rides
to the kids and to their parents. And I remember one
Texas mommy with her big hairdo, and she wanted to
ride in that thing, and she had a tight hobble skirt
on, and trying to get up over and into that was a
comedy, but she wanted to ride in that thing. That
didn't go over very good, riding kids around out of
doors. The third year,
I made 3,000 of these for just a few dollars. And it
said TMU, Click with Recreation and Parks. And I
gave one of these to, every kid had a basket that
came to our little display and the kids would come,
where's the clickers, where's the clickers? And I
don't know if it'll even click anymore. Well, I
heard about that from the bus drivers. They said,
whoever gave these damn things to these kids, they
drove me nuts all the way home in the bus. Don't let
them do that anymore. So that's what President
Rutter laughed at me about. He said, you know,
you've done some highly unorthodox thing, and
I've heard from some of your colleagues over there
in agriculture that you're turning it into a
circus. And I said, yeah, but we're getting
students from high school. Now, he died somewhat
close to 30 years ago right now. Do you recall any of
your last conversation or anything with him? No.
Actually, I was at a conference at Galveston
when we got news that he had died suddenly of a
stroke. One month before his 60th birthday. Good
grief. So he did not qualify for his veteran's
benefits. Is that right? And Congressman Olin
Teague, his classmate, chairman of the Veterans
Affairs Committee at that time, could not get an
exception made. How tragic. Well, I remember
being absolutely stunned, and I think his name
was, Butcher, Vice President of University of
Texas, had a plane there and agreed to have me come
with him back to A&M. So we flew back the same
afternoon that we got the news. He had a push-pull
plane, one with a propeller on each end. And we flew
back together talking about that and the
implications that this meant for the school and
for the state. And can I say something that I hope
you'll delete from this?
We were talking about Mr. Rutter's death. He is
succeeded that fall by Jack Williams. And in a year
or so, Vice President for Academic Affairs, as we
then called it, Horace Byers, is succeeded by John
Calhoun. When those two men came into the
administration, did that change in any way the
momentum that you all had underway in Recreation
and Parks?
Were they supportive of the efforts y'all? I think
we were established well enough that it didn't
make a whole lot of difference. We weren't, you
know, personally under the wing of President
Rutter anymore. But you're implying that you
didn't need to be. We didn't need to be because we
matured enough, I guess, to have people on the
graduate faculty advisory committee and this and
that kind of committee and so on and we had moved out
of the horse barn to goodwin hall which was i think a
major advantage
and we were there quite a long time right next to the
administration building
I forget how many years, quite a long time Haskell,
because that was supposed to be torn down, but we
could talk all afternoon about the stories of life
in that place. Share a few of them. Well, the
building was old and supposed to be knocked down
and it housed the four departments of business.
whatever they were, and I was able to get on the, you
know you had to plan about three years in advance to
get a move to another building. And at one point I
was, you know you talk about my relations on the
campus, when we get in these department head
meetings some of the guys would say, know
somebody's got to put a noose about this reed he's
going to surround the damn campus and he'll own all
of it because i was here and there and peace pieces
of department in a lot of different places but but
goodwin hall put us back together in a good central
location i liked it right there on the drill field
and uh the way the building was constructed,
apparently it was built in two sections with a wing
added on it and that wing never really fit with the
rest of the building and they tended to hate each
other and they'd come apart and go back together
depending on the earth and how much moisture there
was in the ground. And they had it cabled together
to keep it from falling apart. And more than once
I'd come back from somewhere and I'd find all my
secretaries out on the other side of the street
arms akimbo and looking at it. I said, what's the
matter? Was it a bomb threat? And they said, no, no,
all the telephone wires in the building snapped.
It moved apart like this and the wires that were
taught would actually break. So they'd have to
come in and re-cable the building. But we loved it.
It had half a level below ground level. It had
windows, but they were short windows and the floor
was like four or five feet below ground level, and I
put all the grad students down there, and they
called it the sump. It was the sump where they said,
there was a sign that said, where all the dirt and
filth doth collect. But that was their area, you
know, and if the faculty wanted to see them on their
own terms, they had to go to the sump. So we had our
own classrooms, we had our own offices, and that
was really attractive. And then, no, I misspoke
myself. That had oceanography and something else
in that building. When I was able to move them to
this building after Goodwin, this is where the
different business took place. Here in Francis
Hall. In Francis. And this was actually, that's
where I had my first serious wrist slap because I
had gotten on, I'd always been on good terms with
the physical plant. I knew how important that was
to get on their scheduling list years ahead. And so
from Goodwin, I wanted this building when the
business people vacated and also negotiated for
the second floor of next door where archaeology
is. Then, in
the early 90s, I guess, other programs were
building. There was some talk about A&M could no
longer maintain all the different, we had to cut
back on the number of degrees and the number of
departments and the number of disciplines and
focus on those that clearly had the potential of
being national. We thought we were, by then, well
proven as national programs, but still didn't
rate like the more traditional disciplines. So I
lost the second floor where we had planned to have
all of our extension built, but I was able to
maintain this entire building even though there
was a movement to take part of this way too. That was
my last gift to the department. About when did you
move into this building, into Francis? I can't
even tell you. Ten years ago? Yeah, around 90
or 91, something like that. As the progress was
going on in the 70s and then in the 80s, are there
such things as national rankings of programs?
Yes. Yeah, well, that's what helped because I was
able to bring bring back and still have somewhere
in my local archives the and actually obviously I
was very quick to send those on to the president's
office where we were listed as number one or number
two how soon in various how soon was that oh in the
late 80s I think 10 years, 15 years into the life of
the department. How much? We never, never would
have gotten there without that ice cream cone
concept because having that large number of full
professors
gave us the ability to turn out a large number of of
PhDs, and pretty soon you had an Aggie PhD in many of
the leading departments around the country. And
they started to send their best students back
here, so that network was invaluable. All right,
if there was a ranking today, where do you think the
department's programs would rank?
I would hope in the top ten. The problem is, if there
is a problem, is that the field has evolved. The
world has changed. When we built on the momentum of
the Ork Commission after World War II saying our
parks are worn out, are inadequate, the people
need new parks, massive amounts of money. The Land
and Water Conservation Fund was initiated with
huge amounts of federal money going into new park
development. The Wilderness Act was passed, the
Endangered Species Act. We rode the crest of that
tide all the way. Then in the 90s, I guess you'd say,
that kind of dried up. The environmental movement
changed to an ecology preservation rather than a
resource development. Our strength was
development of resources for recreation and park
purposes.
I gave up the headship voluntarily over Kunkel's
objections in 85. I said, 20 years is long enough.
He said, I don't want to accept that resignation. I
said, why? He said, that's our tradition. We don't
do it that way at this school. I said, how do you do
it? He said, well, you either become incompetent
and get fired or you die. And I said, I'm not willing
to accept either of those. I've had it. I was really
getting burned out, and I didn't realize I had a
heart condition that was making me feel so tired.
but so i gave it up in 85 and i just felt like i wasn't
able to maybe it was my own internal energy haskell
but i didn't feel like i was really able to i've been
a builder not a maintainer and i felt like it was
becoming a maintaining job not a creating job i
didn't maybe i didn't have a vision anymore but
anyway it was hard to get things it was hard to get
money it was hard to get outside grants the
department in the last since I retired in 94 so the
last five or six years has gone a different
direction the profs that taught resource
management and facility design and
administration and national parks are gone the
younger faculty that have been hired are
interested more in the sociology of outdoor
recreation. In other words, the research being
done is how do you feel about outdoor recreation
and what value to you psychologically is it and
doing surveys of visitors to see what can be
provided to make their experience a happier
experience, those kinds of things. not to
denigrate them not to say it isn't important but
that's where the money is today and this and other
departments have become more dependent they're
chasing outside dollars to supplement the funds
that come from the state and from tuition and so the
department currently is successful in a
different direction than I let it and I don't mind
that you know I did my thing my chapters over and
done and closed it's a new chapter it's a different
world if I were doing it now I might be doing the same
thing because the big topics are at-risk youth
making areas and facilities available for
handicapped people
disadvantaged families, aberrant behavior,
those kinds of topics. It's not resource
management. Texas Tech still has a program. No,
they did away with it. Oh, really? Yeah, several
years ago. Are we the only one in the Southwest? No,
there are other smaller programs at San Marcos, I
think maybe Huntsville.
When Ilo Urbanowski died, he stayed, well, when he
retired, he stayed out for a few years as the living
legend kind of thing, and was very unhappy for him,
and that's why I've refused to do that. But he
decided to do that, but they eventually merged it
with landscape architecture and then phased out
the park over time. So there really isn't a strong
program at Tech anymore. Who nationally, would be
the other, leave out A&M, who else would be near the
top of the heap nationally these days? Michigan
State. Again, much more community oriented than
it was. Penn State.
North Carolina State and Clemson. University of
Florida.
So they're all land grant that you've named so far.
Yeah. Idaho has maintained the resource
orientation, but that's where they are. One of our
graduates has been head at Chico, Cal State at
Chico.
California has a number of good schools. Cal State
at Los Angeles and San Jose State and San Diego
State, they're all the teachers colleges of the
University of California system and they're
highly urban in their focus. So I think our
department here at A&M now is much more
like those other urban schools than it was We were
quite different, and there wasn't nearly the
competition. But I think our department here is
doing very well in competing or co-leading in this
arena of social service recreation or at-risk
youth recreation, those kinds of things. A while
ago, you were giving well-deserved praise to
President Rutter. Looking back over your years
here, which other presidents and vice presidents
would you want to thank for their direct support
and interest in the program?
Well, certainly, The first that comes to my mind is
Dean Kunkel, Harry Kunkel, because he probably
supported things I was trying to do when I didn't
deserve his support. And I'm forever grateful for
that. I had some tough arguments with him, but
that's as it should be. If you can't prove, justify
what you're doing, you don't deserve that.
In the early days, Potts Dr. Potts was a strong
supporter here.
When I got here, because it was a strange campus,
Haskell, I really tried to become acquainted by
personal visit. When I had somebody new to meet, I
tried to go to their office, meet them on their own
turf, and then I had a mental picture of where they
were and what they were doing rather than
telephoning.
got an administrator here now that likes to work by
computer even with internal memos.
Different styles for different people I guess.
Different world.
I've had so many warm colleagues on the campus.
Lineweaver was a tremendous help in those early
days because he carried all, he banked all our
students until we had our, I think the second or
third year when we got our independent approvals
for grad students with recreation and park,
recreation and resource development titles.
then we could start to publicly claim our own.
Had pretty cordial relationships always with the
coaching staff, the athletic department,
naturally, because there was some affinity
there, and especially with Randy Mattson.
oftentimes he was able to throw us some money to
support different kinds of things that benefited
the students. You're saying Randy and his former
student, he's one of my favorite. Yeah.
Let's see, let's go to Kunkel a second. What was
Harry Kunkel's administrative operations
methodology? When you had a proposal request
placed before him, how did he go about evaluating
it, judging it? Generally say no. And then after a
very fast no, okay. you know, if you're really
serious about this and we're gonna persist, okay,
explain to me why we need to do this. Did it take very
long for him to reach a final conclusion? No, no.
I think he,
we dare not put this in, but I'm gonna leave it on
while we talk, but I've got somewhere a
secretarial spiral thing that while I was here the
three days interviewing I was writing down about
different people, what I thought about President
Rudder, what I thought about this one and that one
that I met. And a couple of years ago I pulled that
out from wherever it is and said H.O. Kunkel,
German, hard headed, very pompous, And, you know,
that's how he came across at first to me. But he,
behind all that exterior, is a really wonderful
guy, an intelligent person, good writer, a broad
thinker. I see. That's a good summary. Because to
me, that's an accurate summary of Harry Kunkel.
That at first, he seems like a hard granite wall.
Mm. but uh if you continue okay he would listen and
so forth how important were the ag experiment
station and extension services how important
were they for your program well probably um the
experiment station was critical couldn't well
couldn't have couldn't have every one of the
people i hired had on the teaching faculty had a
joint appointment with the Experiment Station.
If I'd been in any of the other nine colleges on the
campus, I would have only had teaching money to
work with, and consequently couldn't have hired
as many people. But either a lot of these were half
and half in the early days, So that really
supplemented the money. And it also made it
attractive for faculty to come from other places.
Because instead of telling them you've got to
teach four courses each semester, they had a
reduced teaching loan. Because they had 50% of
their time and their effort was obligated to the
experiment station. And so there weren't very
many places in the country that could offer that
kind of, you know, you talk about 50 land grant
institutions, but only six maybe, half a dozen of
them that had programs like ours. So we could
really negotiate
for the best people from around the country on that
basis. So Experiment Station was critical. The
extension, John Hutchinson wanted us to have an
extension component, and he paid for similarly
part appointments for a number of people. But that
was always smaller. Didn't involve, I think when
we were in the horse barn in 70, we had Jack Jones and
Jack Sloan. We had two full-time extension
specialists, in the state. We never had enough
Extension people to service the kind of demands we
were getting on their time. But Extension has
always had a tough time like that dealing with
districts and having enough specialists to
handle the time.
John Hutchinson, I would not call him niggardly,
but he always had tremendous demands. You know, I
need six more pecan specialists, I need more
soybean specialists, I need more this and that.
How do you rank your recreation people with that?
Plus our urban, our extension specialists were
largely sought in the urban area. And Hutchinson
was very leery about getting involved in the urban
areas at all because the extension except for home
economics, has largely been seen as a rural income
enhancer. Okay. As a crystal ball gazer, with your
background and what has been the Agricultural
Extension Service, what could be done in urban
areas by land grant schools to take what used to be
the ag extension service to the rural area, what
could be done in the urban area of a similar public
service nature?
Well it isn't too hard to you don't have to be a
rocket scientist to figure that out look at look at
the 4-H which is dramatically if you look at the 4-H
membership in this state or any state I suspect 80
percent of their members are going to be urban kids
and yet Extension has been successful in keeping
the 4-H thing with you know which was a pet cow or a
pig or a lamb or something So that's the kind of
thing that Extension could do. Extension
could... Oh, I haven't even thought of this. This
isn't my area. I'm a park and tree people. But the
thing is that there should be just as big a role if
Extension wanted to capitalize on it in working
with these urban youth that are... disadvantaged
or hungry for opportunities. Because couldn't we
build a very good case for the recreational needs
in an urban area where a person with extension, in
quotation marks, where an extension person would
go into that central city playground area that
recreational area and help those youngsters,
help the parents. Absolutely, and that's what
Peter Witt and John Crompton are doing so
successfully with this at-risk youth program, to
catch them before they become delinquent and to
show people why gangs are are nothing but a
manifestation of kids' desire to belong to
something and be identified with something. All
right, so this department is 35 years old in round
numbers today, this program. Oh, Lord. I guess.
You said that you were elected the president of the
national group. What are some other national or
international marks of achievement by this
program in that 35 years? Oh, one thing I've been
negligent in not highlighting is the tourism
aspect. It's become very, very well recognized in
international tourism. I belonged early to the
International Federation for Park and
Recreation Administration. Claire Gunn has been
a dominant figure in international work. So has
John Crompton. And because of those contacts and
connection. We have strong international ties,
and we practically own the university system in
Korea. Because
my son-in-law was over there diplomatically
attached to the Eighth Air Force, and we went over
and visited him twice, I got one or two Koreans to
come. They made a pipeline. Now there's more and
more Koreans, and they've gone back. And the major
universities in Korea now are staffed with Texas
A&M PhDs.
What about, are there national awards in this
general area? Yes. David Witt just received.